[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: You can use web star for
IntelliJ for debugging.
>> Speaker 2: Webstar or IntelliJ for
debugging.
I wouldn't know that because
I don't use those, but
that's might be the reason
why I should use them.
So that sounds awesome.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah,
those are the best tools
outside of inspector.
>> Speaker 2: Nice, I did not know that.
Great.
I'm probably gonna check it
out tonight then [LAUGH].
Yes?
>> Speaker 1: So in a real example,
the reason behind using routing
is to reuse some of the code, or
what's the main reason behind routing?
>> Speaker 2: Are you saying the reason
behind making these subrouters?
>> Speaker 1: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Right.
So it's just too abstract
a piece of functionality, right?
So now we get to abstract different
resources completely away.
And they have their own configuration.
So that's the sweet thing.
It's like they share some global
configuration, as in server JS.
They share disk configuration.
But they also have their own configuration
that's specific and unique to them, right?
And we're not polluting other
resources with that configuration.
So just the fact that it's abstracted out,
which is really great.
Which, I think, just leads to
all types of benefits as much as
like working with different
people in the same project.
Now you can work on different
things completely separate and
not have to worry about
waiting on this person, right?
And also, maybe you're doing very
unique things with this one thing.
Maybe for
lion.js you're writing it in ES6 and
it's using a different version of Express.
Or maybe it's using a different version
of a database, or something like that.
It's doing something different,
so you need it to be completely isolated,
then register it later.
So, things like that.
It's just like having
a application in an application,
is just many benefits.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Any other questions?
Mark?
>> Speaker 1: I think
Tom was just saying he'd
mentioned the response on finish
for middleware.
>> Speaker 2: The response on
finish.
>> Speaker 2: I'm not sure
what he's referring to-
>> Speaker 1: Or maybe I thought he meant
for you to bring that up, but
I'll check with what he's saying.
And then somebody else was asking,
where's this morgan thing being used?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, morgan.
Server.js.
Right here.
So, if you'll look, I'll just show you.
If I run the server.
>> Speaker 2: Oops, it's already running.
It's over here.
>> Speaker 2: There we go.
So the server's running.
Let me clear the output.
There's no output right now, right?
There's nothing here, I just cleared it.
But the server's still on, and
if I go to the app, I refresh, and
I look at the output.
All this stuff that's being
logged in the terminal,
that's morgan doing that,
morgan is logging this.
If we get rid of morgan,
we won't see anything.
Yes?
>> Speaker 1: Is there anything that will
log the request as well
as the body of a host or
a put?
>> Speaker 2: Log the-
>> Speaker 1: That tells me the call was
made, but not actually what got
pushed across.
>> Speaker 2: So,
there are different levels to morgan.
If you got rid of dev,
we can see what happens.
So, let me see.
I got rid of dev, says it deprecated.
Looks like you gotta do something.
I don't know.
So, but yeah, if morgan doesn't do, then,
yeah, you can make your own, right?
So you could just, what you could
do is you come in here, actually,
let's just do it right now.
We'd have to make sure we're
after the body parts here.
So JSON's there.
We'll make a new request right here,
right?
And we'll make a new middlewear,
and we'll get the request.
>> Speaker 2: And a response.
And next.
And you said you want
to log the request and
the response?
>> Speaker 1: Well,
the body of what's coming in.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, the body.
So, we'll say console.log, the body.
And then we could just say req.body,
and then we can say next.
>> Speaker 2: There we go.
So now when we
>> Speaker 2: do something, there it is.
The body.
So if I post something
>> Speaker 2: The body.
All right?
There you go, yeah.
So super easy to make
yourself with middleware.
Any other questions?
Yes.
>> Speaker 1: Somebody had posted a while
ago a snippet of the middleware
that console logs how long each
request is taking.
But morgan's doing that for us, right?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
Morgan actually tells you
how long is taking [CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 1: Yeah.
It will tell you how long it took.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
They're asking what theme
you're using in sublime text.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah.
So, theme is seti, S,E,T,I.
And color scheme is, let me see.
All right.
Let me see, it's-
>> Speaker 2: We should just have
every teacher that teaches-
>> Speaker 1: Their stack.
>> Speaker 2: Their list of like theme and
config and all that stuff.
Cuz it's like, if someone's using vim
it's like what extensions are you using?
>> Speaker 1: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: What plugins are you using?
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, so the theme is SETI.
And the actual color and
syntax is Brogrammer.
So you're an official brogrammer?
>> Speaker 2: I just
downloaded it yesterday
cuz it looked cool.
But another one that I like is glaciers,
the one I had before this.
It was really good.
All right.
It's not on here now.
But, yeah, that's what I have.
Brogrammer, yeah.